Add a in depth document how to configure search (#388)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/conf-examples/search/configure-search.adoc

IMPORTANT: Having the index on the default location unmonitored, filling up the filesystem by the index can happen silently and make Infinite Scale unresponsive. As the OS, Infinite Scale and its data share the same filesystem, recovery can be a task taking considerable downtime.

=== Index Location and Scaling

* The location of the search index can be customized and should be on a fast backend.
* Consider own hardware for the search service if responsetime is critical for your environment, as xref:deployment/services/deployment-considerations.adoc#scaling-of-services[scaling] is currently not possibe for the search service.
** Content extraction can consume considerable CPU and memory ressources and naturally competes with all other services if running on the same hardware. It has to extract every document and index it before it is available for searching.
* The search index can be manually relocated and search reconfigured to use the new path.

=== Reloacting the Index

If it becomes necessary to relocate the index, you need to:

* Shut down the Infinite Scale instance. +

> This is necessary to avoid changes that miss to trigger an index update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is necessary to avoid changes that miss triggering an index update.
```

[source,bash]
----
ocis search index --space $SPACE_ID --user $USER_ID
----

Note that not names but IDs are necessary and that the specified user ID needs access to the space to be indexed.
 
== Content Extraction and Indexing

To search for content, a content extraction engine needs to be installed and configured. Infinite scale currently supports https://tika.apache.org[Apache Tika - a content analysis toolkit] to extract content.

=== Tika Extractor

Though you can compile Tika manually on your system by following the https://tika.apache.org/{tika-version}/gettingstarted.html[Getting Started with Apache Tika] guide (newer Tika versions may be available) or download a precompiled xref:https://tika.apache.org/download.html[Tika server], you can also run Tika using a https://hub.docker.com/r/apache/tika[Tika container]. Note that at the time of writing, containers are only available for the `amd64` platform. The xref:deployment/container/orchestration/orchestration.adoc#docker-compose-examples[Docker Compose Examples] (ocis_wopi) is based on the container as it is ready to use.

==== Prerequisites

> The following describes how to make Tika availabe for your environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following describes how to make Tika available for your environment.
```

===== Container Based

> Check that you have xref:deployment/container/container-setup.adoc#docker-prerequisites[docker] and xref:deployment/container/container-setup.adoc#docker-prerequisites[docker compose] respectively a xref:deployment/container/orchestration/orchestration.adoc[container orchestration] installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check that you have xref:deployment/container/container-setup.adoc#docker-prerequisites[docker] and xref:deployment/container/container-setup.adoc#docker-prerequisites[docker compose] and xref:deployment/container/orchestration/orchestration.adoc[container orchestration] installed.
```

image::conf-examples/search/tika-welcome-screen.png[Tika welcome screen, width=400]

you can use the container. Finally, you can keep the image when planning to use a container based setup but remove the test container with `docker stop <ID>` and `docker rm <ID>` where ID is the container ID of Tika.

===== Manual Based

If using the container does not work in your environment, you need to use the server installation of Tika which requires at least Java version 8 installed, check with `java -version` and install java if required. After downloading the https://tika.apache.org/download.html[Tika server .jar] file, you can start the server with:

[source,bash,subs="attributes+"]
----
java -jar tika-server-standard-{tika-version}.jar
----

It is then accessible via `\http://your-server:9998`. Check that the Tika server is automatically started like when using systemd - which is not covered here though you can take xref:depl-examples/small-scale.adoc#setup-the-systemd-service[Setup the systemd Service] from the _Small-Scale Deployment with systemd_ as setup reference.

==== Configure Search using the Tika Extractor

> As prerequisite, Tika needs to be accessible via `\http://your-server:9998` either using the manual installation or via docker. You can decide to let Tika run on an own or on the same server where the search service runs. The following configuration assumes that all Infinite Scale services including the search service and Tika run on the same hardware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As prerequisite, Tika needs to be accessible via `\http://your-server:9998` either using the manual installation or via docker. You can decide to let Tika run on the same or a separate server from where the search service runs. The following configuration assumes that all Infinite Scale services including the search service and Tika run on the same hardware.
```
